Update Readme (#7)
microsoft/template-validation-action: README.md

# microsoft/template-validation-action

> Microsoft Template Validation Action is a github action which used to validate if the github repo meet the requirement of [Definition of done](https://github.com/Azure-Samples/azd-template-artifacts/blob/main/docs/development-guidelines/definition-of-done.md#definition-of-done-dod) of Ai-Gallery template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Microsoft Template Validation Action is a github action used to validate if a github repository meets the requirement of [Definition of done](https://github.com/Azure-Samples/azd-template-artifacts/blob/main/docs/development-guidelines/definition-of-done.md#definition-of-done-dod) of Ai-Gallery template.
```

## Usage

> See [azure.yaml](https://github.com/microsoft/template-validation-action/blob/main/action.yml)

Reviewer: add more human readable description
